{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}{\f2\fnil Calibri;}{\f3\fnil Georgia;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9                                                                   Jean Siewe \par
                                                         AWS Cloud Engineer \par
                                                            Tel : (240) 481-6816 \par
                                                   E-MAIL: siejm2014@gmail.com\par
                                {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.linkedin.com/in/jean-siewe-4a3952b7 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.linkedin.com/in/jean-siewe-4a3952b7\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22      \par
------------------------------------------ PROFILE -----------------------------------------------\par
\f1\fs24 Dedicated and experienced in Linux and  cloud Engineer with extensive knowledge of\par
engineering principles, theories, specifications, and standards. Bringing\par
leadership, drive, and over 5+ year of experience. I have a proven track record of \par
finishing complex projects ahead of schedule substantial experience in analyzing \par
problems and offering mechanical devices that help to alleviate them.-\par
\f0\fs22  ------------------------------------------  -------------------------------------------------------\f2\par
\bullet  \ul\b\fs28 WMATA (Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority\ulnone\b0 )\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\fs24  \f0\lang1033 * 3-5 years experience in AWS - platform as a service (paas) and Infrastructure as a sevice(Iaas)\par
* Experience in guiding the classification ,plan,implementation,growth, adoption and compliance to enterprise architecture strategies , processes and standards.\par
* Ability to design and manage cloud-based infractrustures to deliver the required performance, security and availability requiements.\par
* Ability to understand Migration requirements and bridge the gaps.\par
* Expertise in architecture blueprints and detailed documentation. create bill of materials, including required cloud services (such EC2,S3, etc) and tools.\par
* Involved in the end to end deployment proces.\par
* Designed and developed highly scalable and available systems\par
* Hands-on experience with EC2,ECS,ELB,EBS,S3,VPC,IAM,SQS,RDS.Lambda,Cloud watch,storage Gateway,cloud formation ,Elastic Beanstalk and Autoscaling.\par
*  Demonstrable experience with developer tools like code Deploy,codeBuild,code pipeline,design the overrall virtual private cloud vpc environment including server instance, storoge,instance subnet,high availability zones etc.\par
* Collaborated with various team & management to understand the requirement & design the complete system.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22                                            \f2\lang9  \b\fs28 AWS \f0\lang1033  and Linux Engineer.\par
                                 Work Experience & Responsabilities\b0\f2\lang9\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\fs22\bullet  \f1\fs24 Set up, configure, and deploy several AWS services for clients.\par
\f3\bullet\f1  Responsible for bucket creation, user account creation, access\par
 permissions, and privileges to users as well as policies and IAM policies.\par
\f3\bullet\f1  Implement and maintain the monitoring and alerting of production and \par
corporate servers/storage using Cloud Watch, using AWS Cognito for \par
registration and login.\par
\f3\bullet\f1  Daily analyzed logs and performed root cause analysis for various issues.\par
\f3\bullet\f1  Delegated and prioritized tasks and initiated timeframes for when all tasks \par
had to be completed.\par
\f3\bullet\f1  Hands-on Experience on Databases including RDS, DynamoDB, Aurora\par
\f3\bullet\f1  Coordinated ongoing performance assurance for software applications and \par
automated performance test scripts.\par
\f3\bullet\f1  Resolved customer issues by establishing workarounds and solutions to debug \par
and create defect fixes.\par
\f3\bullet\f1  Manage network security using a Load balancer, Auto Scaling, Security groups, \par
and NACLS.\par
\f3\bullet\f1  Design, configure and deploy AWS for applications utilizing the AWS stack \par
(Including EC2, Route53, S3, RDS, Direct Connect Cloud Formation, Cloud \par
Watch, SQS, IAM, focusing on high-\par
 availability, fault tolerance, auto-scaling, load-balancing capacity, \par
monitoring, and alerting.\par
\f3\bullet\f1  Cost and performance monitoring of resources and applications using AWS \par
CloudWatch, including creating alarms to monitor metrics such as EBS, EC2, \par
ELB, RDS, S3, and SNS, and configured notifications for the alarms generated \par
based on events defined.\par
\f3\bullet\f1  Created monitors, alarms, and notifications for EC2 hosts using Cloud Watch.\par
\f3\bullet\f1  Leverage AWS cloud services such as EC2, auto-scaling, and VPC to build \par
secure, highly scalable, and flexible systems that handled expected and \par
unexpected load bursts.\par
\f3\bullet\f1  Setup and configured VPC Private Link (Endpoints), Direct Connect, Transit \par
VPC, VPC Peering, Reverse Proxy Caching, CDN, IPsec, and VPN for secure data \par
transfer, and secured connection\par
 to other AWS services and other AWS accounts.\par
\f3\bullet\f1  Used Network health monitoring tools (Cloud Watch, Logic Monitor)\par
\f3\bullet\f1  Created and configured Redshift clusters.\par
\f3\bullet\f1  Configured EMR Cluster, and used Hive script to process the data stored in S3.\par
\f3\bullet\f1  Created Data-pipelines and configured EMR Cluster to offload the data to \par
Redshift.\par
\f3\bullet\f1  Set up cron to notify the administrator when SQS Queue size reaches a \par
certain limit.\par
\f3\bullet\f1  Build Amazon EC2 instances and assigned required firewalls using security \par
group (SG) and Network Access Control List (NACL) rules.\par
\f3\bullet\f1  Focused on continuous integration and deployment, promoting enterprise \par
Solutions to target environments.\par
\f3\bullet\f1  Designed roles and groups using AWS Identity and Access Management (IA\lang1033 M)\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22                                \fs28 Trinitech Consulting.\par
                             06/2014-10/2017\par
                           Work & Responsabilities.\par
                             Linux sys admin\ul\b\fs24\par
\ulnone\b0\f2\fs22\lang9  \f1\fs24\lang1033 3- 4 years  experience in Linux -Platform ( such as  Red hat,\lang9  CentOS, Ubuntu\lang1033  etc )\lang9\par
\f3\bullet\f1  Installation and configuration of Red Hat Enterprise Linux, Ubuntu and \par
Centos.\lang1033  etc .\lang9\par
\f3\bullet\f1  Having good working experience in managing file systems and partitions, \par
logical volume management (LVM), user & group administration, network \par
configuration, troubleshooting. configuring and working with ftp, nfs, samba, \par
DNS, Web, DHCP,mail servers.\par
 Managing SELinux, booting procedure & kernel parameters, Job \par
automation (Cron Job), administrating remote system, enhanced use security \par
with Sudo, software management, backup & restore (tar and gzip), manage \par
installed services and managing processes.\par
\f2\fs22 -------------------------------------\fs28 CERTIFICATIONS\fs22 ------------------------------\par
\f1  \fs24 AWS Cloud Certified practitioner (CCP)\par
 AWS Certified Solution Architect Associate (SAA)\par
 AWS Certified Sysops Associate (SOA)\par
 CompTIA Linux+ /LPIC\par
 Oracle Solaris Certified Associate\par
\f2\fs22 --------------------------------- EDUCATION---------------------------------------------------\par
 \f1\fs24 2010- 2012 ITT Technical Institute\par
 Associate of Applied Science Degree in Computer and Electronics Engineering \par
Technology.\par
 2012-2014 ITT Technical Institute.\par
 Bachelor in Electrical Engineering and Computer Technology.\par
-------------------------------Languages Speaking------------------------------\par
 English\par
 Frenc\lang1033 h\lang9\par
}
 